chore(curriculum): Authors Page add quotes to strings (#55436)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-fetch-and-promises-by-building-an-fcc-authors-page/641da42481d90c4314c99e94.md

# --hints--

> You should use the `fetch()` method to make a `GET` request to `'https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/news-author-page/authors.json'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use the `fetch()` method to make a `GET` request to `"https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/news-author-page/authors.json"`.
```
